doc/Building.md, before:

# Building

This document is intended for **mediasoup** developers.


## Makefile

The `worker` folder contains a `Makefile` to build the mediasoup worker subproject.


### `make`

The default task runs the `Release` task unless the environment `MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE` is set to `Debug` (if so it runs the `Debug` task).


### `make Release`

Builds the production ready mediasoup worker binary at `worker/out/Release/`. This is the binary used in production when installing the **mediasoup** NPM module with `npm install mediasoup`.


### `make Debug`

Builds a more verbose and non optimized mediasoup worker binary at `worker/out/Debug/` with some C flags enabled (such as `-O0`) and some macros defined (such as `DEBUG`, `MS_LOG_TRACE` and `MS_LOG_FILE_LINE`).

Check the meaning of these macros in the [Logger.hpp](worker/include/Logger.hpp) header file.

In order to instruct the **mediasoup** Node.js module to use the `Debug` mediasoup worker binary, an environment variable must be set before running the Node.js application:

```bash
$ MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE=Debug node myapp.js
```


### `make test`

Runs the `test-Release` task unless the environment `MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE` is set to `Debug` (if so it runs the `test-Debug` task).


### `make test-Release`

Builds the `mediasoup-worker-test` test unit binary at `worker/out/Release/`.


### `make test-Debug`

Builds the `mediasoup-worker-test` test unit binary in `Debug` mode at `worker/out/Debug/`.


### `fuzzer`

Builds the `mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` target (which uses [libFuzzer](http://llvm.org/docs/LibFuzzer.html)) and generates the `worker/out/mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` binary.

**NOTE:** Linux is required with `fuzzer` capable `clang++`. `CC` environment variable must point to `clang` and `CXX` to `clang++`.


### `fuzzer-exec`

Executes the `worker/out/mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` binary.

Fuzzer command line options can be set via the `FUZZER_OPTIONS` environment variable. The `LSAN_OPTIONS` environment variable can also be used.


### `fuzzer-docker-build`

Builds a Linux image with `fuzzer` capable `clang++` that builds the `mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` target.

**NOTE:** Before running this command, a specific version of Linux `clang` must be downloaded. To get it, run:

```bash
$ cd worker
$ ./scripts/get-dep.sh clang-fuzzer
```


### `fuzzer-docker-run`

Runs a container of the Docker image created with `fuzzer-docker-build` and executes `worker/out/mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` binary.

Fuzzer command line options can be set via the `FUZZER_OPTIONS` environment variable. The `LSAN_OPTIONS` environment variable can also be used.


### `make xcode`

Builds a Xcode project for the mediasoup worker subproject.


### `make clean`

Cleans objects and binaries related to the mediasoup worker.


### `make clean-all`

Cleans all the objects and binaries, including those generated for library dependencies (such as libuv, openssl and libsrtp).


## gulpfile.js

**mediasoup** comes with a `gulpfile.js` file to enable [gulp](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp) tasks.

In order to tun these tasks, `gulp-cli` (version >= 1.2.2) must be globally installed:

```bash
$ npm install -g gulp-cli
```


### `gulp`

The default task runs the `gulp:lint` and `gulp:test` tasks.


### `gulp lint`

Runs both the `lint:node` and `lint:worker` gulp tasks.


### `gulp lint:node`

Validates the Node.js JavaScript code/syntax.


### `gulp lint:worker`

Validates the worker C++ code/syntax using [clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html) following `worker/.clang-format` rules.


### `gulp format`

Runs the `format:worker` gulp task.


### `gulp format:worker`

Rewrites worker source and include files using [clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html).


### `gulp tidy`


Runs the `tidy:worker` gulp task.


### `gulp tidy:worker`

Performs C++ code check using [clang-tidy](http://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/) following following `worker/.clang-tidy` rules.

clang-tidy uses a [JSON compilation database](http://clang.llvm.org/docs/JSONCompilationDatabase.html) to get the information on how a single compilation unit is processed.

In order to generate this file we use [Bear](https://github.com/rizsotto/Bear). This works on linux only.

Once installed, compile mediasoup as follows:

```bash
$ bear make
```
An output file `compile_commands.json` is generated which must be copied to the [worker](worker/) directory after making the following changes:

Replace the references of the current directory by the keywork 'PATH':

```bash
$  sed -i "s|$PWD|PATH|g" compile_commands.json
```

Edit the file and remove the entry related to Utils/IP.cpp compilation unit, which is automatically created and does not follow the clang-tidy rules.

*NOTE:* It just works on Linux and OSX.


### `gulp test`

Runs both the `test:node` and `test:worker` gulp tasks.


### `gulp test:node`

Runs the Node.js [test units](test/). Before it, it invokes the `make` command.

In order to run the JavaScript test units with the mediasoup worker in `Debug` mode the `MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE` environment variable must be set to `Debug`:

```bash
$ MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE=Debug gulp test:node
```


### `gulp test:worker`

Runs the mediasoup worker [test units](worker/test/). Before it, it invokes the `make test` command.

In order to run the worker test units with the mediasoup worker in `Debug` mode the `MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE` environment variable must be set to `Debug`:

```bash
$ MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE=Debug gulp test:worker
```

Commit message:

fuzzer: add corpora stuff (make @fippo happy)

doc/Building.md, after:

# Building

This document is intended for **mediasoup** developers.


## Makefile

The `worker` folder contains a `Makefile` to build the mediasoup worker subproject.


### `make`

The default task runs the `Release` task unless the environment `MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE` is set to `Debug` (if so it runs the `Debug` task).


### `make Release`

Builds the production ready mediasoup worker binary at `worker/out/Release/`. This is the binary used in production when installing the **mediasoup** NPM module with `npm install mediasoup`.


### `make Debug`

Builds a more verbose and non optimized mediasoup worker binary at `worker/out/Debug/` with some C flags enabled (such as `-O0`) and some macros defined (such as `DEBUG`, `MS_LOG_TRACE` and `MS_LOG_FILE_LINE`).

Check the meaning of these macros in the [Logger.hpp](worker/include/Logger.hpp) header file.

In order to instruct the **mediasoup** Node.js module to use the `Debug` mediasoup worker binary, an environment variable must be set before running the Node.js application:

```bash
$ MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE=Debug node myapp.js
```


### `make test`

Runs the `test-Release` task unless the environment `MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE` is set to `Debug` (if so it runs the `test-Debug` task).


### `make test-Release`

Builds the `mediasoup-worker-test` test unit binary at `worker/out/Release/`.


### `make test-Debug`

Builds the `mediasoup-worker-test` test unit binary in `Debug` mode at `worker/out/Debug/`.


### `fuzzer`

Builds the `mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` target (which uses [libFuzzer](http://llvm.org/docs/LibFuzzer.html)) and generates the `worker/out/mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` binary.

**NOTE:** Linux is required with `fuzzer` capable `clang++`. `CC` environment variable must point to `clang` and `CXX` to `clang++`.


### `fuzzer-exec`

Executes the `worker/out/mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` binary.

* Set `FUZZER_OPTIONS` environment variable to set Fuzzer command line options.
* Set `FUZZER_CORPUS_DIRS` environment variable to set Fuzzer corpus directories.
* Set `LSAN_OPTIONS` environment variable for LSAN options.

Regardless value of `FUZZER_CORPUS_DIRS`, the first corpus directory will always be `./worker/fuzzer/new-corpus`, so new generated test inputs will be written there.

```bash
$ FUZZER_CORPUS_DIRS="fuzzer/corpora/rtp-corpus" make fuzzer-exec
```


### `fuzzer-docker-build`

Builds a Linux image with `fuzzer` capable `clang++` that builds the `mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` target.

**NOTE:** Before running this command, a specific version of Linux `clang` must be downloaded. To get it, run:

```bash
$ cd worker
$ ./scripts/get-dep.sh clang-fuzzer
```


### `fuzzer-docker-run`

Runs a container of the Docker image created with `fuzzer-docker-build` and executes `worker/out/mediasoup-worker-fuzzer` binary.

Some environment variables than `fuzzer-exec` are supported. However:

* `FUZZER_CORPUS_DIRS` must be relative to the `worker` directory.

Example:

```bash
$ FUZZER_CORPUS_DIRS="fuzzer/corpora/rtp-corpus" make fuzzer-docker-run
```


### `make xcode`

Builds a Xcode project for the mediasoup worker subproject.


### `make clean`

Cleans objects and binaries related to the mediasoup worker.


### `make clean-all`

Cleans all the objects and binaries, including those generated for library dependencies (such as libuv, openssl and libsrtp).


## gulpfile.js

**mediasoup** comes with a `gulpfile.js` file to enable [gulp](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp) tasks.

In order to tun these tasks, `gulp-cli` (version >= 1.2.2) must be globally installed:

```bash
$ npm install -g gulp-cli
```


### `gulp`

The default task runs the `gulp:lint` and `gulp:test` tasks.


### `gulp lint`

Runs both the `lint:node` and `lint:worker` gulp tasks.


### `gulp lint:node`

Validates the Node.js JavaScript code/syntax.


### `gulp lint:worker`

Validates the worker C++ code/syntax using [clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html) following `worker/.clang-format` rules.


### `gulp format`

Runs the `format:worker` gulp task.


### `gulp format:worker`

Rewrites worker source and include files using [clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html).


### `gulp tidy`


Runs the `tidy:worker` gulp task.


### `gulp tidy:worker`

Performs C++ code check using [clang-tidy](http://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/) following following `worker/.clang-tidy` rules.

clang-tidy uses a [JSON compilation database](http://clang.llvm.org/docs/JSONCompilationDatabase.html) to get the information on how a single compilation unit is processed.

In order to generate this file we use [Bear](https://github.com/rizsotto/Bear). This works on linux only.

Once installed, compile mediasoup as follows:

```bash
$ bear make
```
An output file `compile_commands.json` is generated which must be copied to the [worker](worker/) directory after making the following changes:

Replace the references of the current directory by the keywork 'PATH':

```bash
$  sed -i "s|$PWD|PATH|g" compile_commands.json
```

Edit the file and remove the entry related to Utils/IP.cpp compilation unit, which is automatically created and does not follow the clang-tidy rules.

*NOTE:* It just works on Linux and OSX.


### `gulp test`

Runs both the `test:node` and `test:worker` gulp tasks.


### `gulp test:node`

Runs the Node.js [test units](test/). Before it, it invokes the `make` command.

In order to run the JavaScript test units with the mediasoup worker in `Debug` mode the `MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE` environment variable must be set to `Debug`:

```bash
$ MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE=Debug gulp test:node
```


### `gulp test:worker`

Runs the mediasoup worker [test units](worker/test/). Before it, it invokes the `make test` command.

In order to run the worker test units with the mediasoup worker in `Debug` mode the `MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE` environment variable must be set to `Debug`:

```bash
$ MEDIASOUP_BUILDTYPE=Debug gulp test:worker
```
